good morning so so I'm Ally shocker I am
one of the co-authors of Delta based T
oddities and pure operation based the
oddities I'm based in Braga we work
together in we worked for anezka tech
which is which is an associate lab a
search club with a lot of disciplines
like security this with systems formal
methods even like enterpreneurship
industry robotics so we are around 1,000
researchers and we are our group like in
Braga we are devoted to work on to
develop pure operation operation based
charities and Delta veggie oddities
regarding all the stuff that you have
mentioned regarding garbage collection
efficiency and all this kind of stuff
and migration and all this so my talk
today will be on as secure as possible
eventual consistency and basically by
eventuosity I'm gonna focus on
authorities like using Shorty's on
eventual consistencies to reconcile
conflicts as secure as possible it's
using by sometime fault tolerance so you
probably know it it's a buzzword
recently because of block chains so I
raised in the BFD community I did my PhD
in 2009 on that so my talk will be a
little bit we'll touch upon the system I
gonna describe an overview of the system
it's quite complicated to cover in 15
minutes so I should acknowledge this
work has been like through three
projects ink free light bone to a
European project and tech for growth a
national project and these are my
co-authors on this work no sonic team is
my PhD student and Carl Spackler oh you
know him from Saudis so just to me
or 4d talk so we all see this reviews to
see this kind of of message when when
systems fail but the message is that
this is not this is no longer acceptable
in this error we can't accept this kind
of thing and we should now what are the
reasons behind things to fix them okay
so I think that many of the engineers in
the industry mainly so they don't know
or they didn't know about Byzantine 4
turns from now on I think that this
started to level but previously they
didn't and I think that we need this
kind of culture to educate engineers
about buy some time for terms because
systems will break if we consider the
scheduler so who is familiar with buy
some time for thorns so let me try to
describe what's the problem and what I
will be providing as a solution
so first let's assume this part which is
an eventual consistent systems we have a
couple of servers eventual consistent
servers they are replicas and they are
communicating through reliable causal
broadcast or causal broadcast between
them and clients are usually accessing
each node and they get their reply
immediately without synchronizing with
the others and they synchronize in the
background
it's the system the oddity model so in
this in this kind of so like I would say
that known was claiming that the system
will converge with this and it will not
it depends actually on the fault model
that you are using so all the systems
currently they assume the fault recovery
method model fault
but assume that for example these
servers are not applying the operation
correctly whether it's an operation
increment decrement add remove or its
immerse or it's okay if the server is
not behaving well you will never reach
convergence okay so what we are doing is
that we integrate this with by
cluster we create a 50 proxy with on
each server and we push we push the
history of the operations to the VFD
cluster to validate them and get a
certificate to send to the client so
what we are doing now is to certifcate
the history the that's common across all
these servers okay so in this we
guarantee that we are working in the
backend who are we are not creating any
consistency on the front level so so I'm
gonna give a small or brief on by some
time for tolerance and the eventual
consistency how they work basically I
will be very fast here because you know
them and our protocol we call it PI Zack
but we hopefully get another name better
than a I'm gonna show the trade-offs and
discussions and discussion and future
work so what is buy some time for
tolerance so buy some time photons is
actually the strongest fault model
because by some time players can do
anything and I think that you could
imagine okay so I wasn't in node candle
I can remove the memory and add things
can okay and can even behave correctly
so this is so the approach usually
that's followed by bunting for tourist
protocols this historical scenes like
the 82 or even before since Lambert's
paper so the approach is usually to use
the state machine replication with the
majority consensus it's similar kind of
taxes if you know about taxes so the
idea is to have a kind of a replicant
for example for each datum you have like
three four replicas and then we should
guarantee that the right columns and
read columns overlap okay so this
actually this is what happens what's
what's correct in similar systems like
taxes or raft or something but in
Valentine forums
you need the intersection to be numbers
anytime even okay so it's not only it's
not enough to have one intersection so
that's why you usually see the proofs
you need for if you assume that you have
one Byzantine server you will need three
F plus one okay so for one server you
need for server a total of four servers
to guarantee one fault among servers and
the very famous protocol is pbft devil
by Castro and Lisco in 2000 and there
are a lot of protocols among them mine I
developed other protocols but this is
really the most robust and famous one
and it was they want the first one
actually you can consider the first
seminal work it's the same a practical
one so first and the last
so the regarding the challenges in this
model why it's different from other
models because it's impossible
distinguish between a Byzantium node and
a slow node and you can you could
imagine how much does make sense this in
only in internet platform and also it's
impossible to distinguish between well
behaving Byzantine node from a correct
node okay so so a server could behave
like for a long time in a correct way so
you could you could never catch him and
recent and the finally the independent
of failures so you assume independence
of failure okay among Europe because but
they should behave should be
deterministic it's kind of controversy
so usually this this work so if you know
inversion programming at this kind of
stuff so you could implement the same
protocol with different operating system
with different programming language you
install different pressure systems
different hardwoods so you can go to the
extreme but usually I don't think that
this is what's being done in practice
because it's quite costly so these are
basically the challenge for eventual
consistency
I'm going to assume that you know more
or less what what should be what would
help to understand what's going on so
basically you have as I'm and I've
explained before you have servers
replicas reliable broadcast between them
and the clients cab could access the
servers immediately and take the reply
back without synchronization and this
assumes that okay you're gonna get some
conflicts
you're gonna resolve them using probably
for example see oddities in our case if
you want and application should accept
sailor it's okay or read in the past so
why not just use pbft for example as a
PFD protocol we've with the eventual
consistency okay the answer might be
obvious first because pbft is blocking
which means that any request from the
client will need to like visit all the
servers in the cluster to get back to
the reply back to the clients and the
second thing is it assumed that nodes
are deterministic and it requires total
order okay so in the eventual
consistency model you have a non
blocking or no agreement so you actually
execute things immediately on the server
and then we think how to resolved
okay so that's it controversy and you
have a partial order you don't have
total order which means that you have
concurrent operations that you could at
the same instant for example apply
different operations on different
servers at the same instant it might
look in deterministic okay because you
are actually implementing executing
different operations so here it this
might be confusing so the replicas are
are deterministic but you are actually
the input is different okay you are
applying different operations because
they are concurrent so that's why it
couldn't be used like you can didn't
simply use pbft so our approach is
this thing so this is one what papers
someone from Microsoft I guess he wrote
a blog and was complaining about the
complexity of the protocols and we
indeed that's true okay but we we should
not go to that area okay so this is the
wrong way to go and we had some
experience from these guys in the US
also they tried to implement this and to
change the protocol to make it easy
eventual consistent protocol 58 protocol
and they noticed that because of
complexity they couldn't implement it
and even the specs or or vague like so
we here we follow another approach in by
Zek we try to keep the different layers
modular layers we keep the event
resistant layer as it it and we just
plug in the Byzantine for tolerance
layer and how it works
this works as usual okay and then we
only work with the Byzantine fault
tolerance on the only history of the log
ok and as you know that in wasn't done
for tolerance we have said that it's you
should have a total order kind of level
so it means that you should push the
same message to the Byzantine cluster at
any time which means you need to have a
consistent offset here HSN
ok so actually you have a log so the top
of the log will change will be different
across the replicas but at some history
in the sub there is an offset upto some
history in the back the lock should be
the same so even if the order is
different but if you execute the same
operations even in different orders it
will you will get the same the same
reply or the same state because this is
what's your duty in does OK because they
are commutative so this is basically the
idea that we have developed and the last
thing is
it's it's modular because it's easy to
test and maintain so this is one of the
well implicit complex isn't time for
tolerance it's not easy to test the
system and also the integration so in
this kind of system it's more practical
like you have your your running system
you keep running and then you plug these
and you test them ok so you don't need
to change the protocol that you are
running a new servers ok you just plug
in these you test them and then you
remove them and your system in the
foreground is working perfectly ok and
there are also other options I'm gonna
discuss now so why buy the excels
because you care about security but you
can't give up availability so you can't
use pbft because it's strongly
consistent ok so in this way you need
you really care about availability in
first place but also about security ok
because here this is kind of a question
or or debate ok so if you are giving the
client a certificate on the history
so how would it help the client it's not
secure ok so that's why we are saying
it's as secure as possible and this is
what the best that you could do because
you couldn't compromise availability
it's not your option the first option is
for availability and then you care about
consistency in eventual consistency why
because inside it is services themselves
they want the system won't want converge
with this oddities if some of the
replicas are by sometime so I could give
you an example you have a counter too
and yeah with state 2 you have an
operation increment 1 the answer should
be 3 evident and server could give like
5 ok so initially in to model this
yep that is digitally signed with a lot
of qualifications are digitally signed
the Byzantine can only censor some of
the operations and if they're positively
changed then they would have to censor
entire chains of causal history but they
wouldn't be able to forge or change the
state right yeah but I'm not talking
about forging the state I'm talking
about executing the operation it's not
the state because here in the in in this
model eventually says model the
different replicas they don't
synchronize on the state they just
disseminate operations and everyone you
are like you trust everyone to execute
the operation and if the execution is
correct we know that all the replicas
will converge not because the exchange
state in this case because the exchange
operations yep
can we skip an operation and that is
bogus operation malicious operation in
that I can sign it so you don't have
that yes so so your question is whether
the client if the client is issuing
requests to other replicas in a
different way I guess maybe the
confusion is in the model again I'm
thinking of all the client says as
replicas as well so a client it's a an
operation they sign it they propagate
the operation to reliable broadcast yeah
so only here in this model the server's
hold States these states and the servers
in this case are could be like many
servers this eventual consistent it's
for but it can be like 100 servers okay
or proxy servers or if you want the
browser's okay but the client the end
client is interested only in the in the
reply like read this state it's for okay
you don't the client doesn't need to
hold the state it's only their plan okay
so everything was happening in the
replicas did I answer your question
what's your guess
so and you care about your legacy system
and this is the point that we've said
you can still run your on your system
and you you test your new plugin
probably online if you want and you care
about your clients actually in this in
this way that we have decided as I've
told you like in the replicas so the the
basic method is to push the certificate
kind of certificate on the history to
the client now for example some clients
might have different levels of security
some clients said I know I don't need
any security
I want the basic eventual KCC model like
it works now I don't care about why
sometime okay so you can you can like
forget about certificates you can always
read anything and you forget about
certificates a very conservative client
say no I want a certificate for every
operation
I want that every operation should be
correct okay so here we have like you
can tune there's a knob to to tune every
client could ask for a certain level or
certificate for example I can accept
1000 operation without certificate
I can't accept more okay so always so I
can tolerate a log of 1000 operations to
be faulty probably suspicious okay and
every client for example in this state
have a different option so either you
can still use the eventuosity model even
with this plug-in and you can still use
the Byzantine fault model even okay if
you have if you are very conservative
you're as if you are using buy some time
for protocol okay and the spectrum
between them also there are trade-offs
for example here the clients need to
tolerate some history as we have said
and this is the best that you can do if
you care for availability in the first
place also clients are not allowed to
talk to multiple clients so at any time
a client should only talk to one server
or one replica
but it can switch to others even under
false or slow or but in this case it
will negotiate with the servers okay and
then you have the BFG assumptions the
traditional ones like independence of
failures and and I think that's it so
basically in in this model so we have a
system that stays that gives the
priority for availability and still
gives you some security guarantees in
the background without comprising the
availability and and basically you can
still work on the eventual success in
part and you have experts on base and
time for tourists to test the system to
work on the system and it's just plug
and play okay and that's it that's it so
this is another thing that I want to
announce but III could get you your
questions if you have any for example an
f-type for example assume that there's a
a bug in the system this is one one case
another thing because in this system for
example you have you might have
different implementations you had had
two different operating systems so you
might have this bug this is the common
theme you have also there might be an
attack from from the outside to
compromise one server okay so you could
get different numbers so you place one
version with another version okay
to try to demonstrate that the
certificate is signed by the four
replicas by all the replicas eventually
so it will now for sure that every
everyone agrees on the same value okay
so on to the water of the wall on the
state because in this case our clients
they don't hold solidity or log okay so
they only read
[Applause]